safety spot no doubt island safety spot
can't do without it the Green Zone port
man you almost ops out how to get save
this on oh yeah you gotta get safeties
on that means you you gotta get safety
guard again safety god save me smart oh
yeah it's just a little further boom I
still don't understand why we have to
move we don't have to move we want to
move but I like where we are it was our
first home and night I have a lot of
memories there you know I keep it hey
Bubba check out this view you can see
clear over the Rio how is that Josie
it's okay okay look at this nice hammock
comfy couch oh all the modern
conveniences right old I grant you it's
very nice what and this is a big but you
can say that again but is it safe seem
safe seeming safe does it make it safe
we need to see that it really is safe
whenever you say Pumbaa was being safety
smart is our problem-free philosophy
that's right so let's make sure this is
a safety spot oh I'm right with you pal
look at this electrical cords should
never be was under a rug like this they
can get too hot and start a fire when
you have a port hunt for rug in a
high-traffic area
what's the point afraid oh this court is
grade hey I'd be afraid too if I were
looking up that snout of yours not
afraid
come on hey see how the food is one out
so it's box big deal is a big deal to
own because it can shock you to heat
fire and shock an adult needs to fix
this phone you need to take safety more
serious yeah yeah yeah now we should
look to make sure too many things aren't
plugged into the same oh I have an idea
let's look and make sure too many things
are in plugged in from the same outlet
what a good idea
see I'm thinking about home safety toe
now that's suckish see all those plugs
in the same outlet this overheat horse
and Scots climb whoa I guess whoever
lived here didn't know how dangerous
this could be apparently not but we do
and that's a good way to avoid accident
huh hey that was fun let's keep going